docs: language SDK page updates (#2851)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/language-sdks/go_push.md

# Go (push mode)

Our Go Profiler is a cutting-edge tool designed to optimize Golang applications. By integrating with Pyroscope, it offers developers an in-depth view of their Go codebase, enabling real-time performance analysis. This powerful tool is crucial for pinpointing inefficiencies, streamlining code execution, and ensuring peak performance in Go applications.

Pyroscope uses the standard `runtime/pprof` package to collect profiling data. Refer to [the official documentation](https://golang.org/doc/diagnostics#profiling) for details.

> ## Before you Begin
> 
> ### Set Up a Pyroscope Server
> 
> To capture and analyze profiling data, set up a Pyroscope server. This can be:
> 
> * A **local server** for development, or
> * A **remote server** for production use.
> 
> For installation instructions, see our [Get Started]({{< relref "../../get-started" >}}) guide.
> 
> 
> ### Using Grafana Cloud Profiles
> 

Reviewer: Assuming this is the same as the earlier comment on the equivalent section - 

```suggestion
## Before you begin

To capture and analyze profiling data, you need either a Pyroscope server or Grafana Cloud Profiles (requires a free Grafana Cloud account).
 
### Pyroscope server

The Pyroscope server can be:
* A **local server** for development, or
* A **remote server** for production use.
For installation instructions, see our [Get started]({{< relref "../../get-started" >}}) guide.

### Grafana Cloud Profiles

```

Grafana Cloud Profiles is a hosted Pyroscope service. It provides a fully managed Pyroscope server, so you don't have to worry about installing and maintaining your own server. It also provides a hosted Grafana instance for visualizing your profiling data. For more information, see [Grafana Cloud Profiles](/products/cloud/profiles-for-continuous-profiling/).

> <!-- TODO: add a section like "Learn more about reading flamegraphs and using our product" once it's ready -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about using the Pyroscope UI and flamegraphs, refer to [Ingest and analyze profile data]({{< relref "../../../ingest-and-analyze-profile-data" >}}).
```

> To learn more about using the Pyroscope UI and flamegraphs, refer to [Ingest and analyze profile data]({{< relref "../../../ingest-and-analyze-profile-data" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about using the Pyroscope UI and flamegraphs, refer to [Ingest and analyze profile data]({{< relref "../../ingest-and-analyze-profile-data/pyroscope-ui" >}}).
```

`rate` parameter controls the fraction of mutex contention events that are reported in the mutex profile. On average 1/rate events are reported.

> ### Block Profiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Block profiling
```
